The roof of the hospital was fully prepared for the patient. However, Han Yoohyun had no intention of handing over his brother to others. Park Yerim stepped forward on behalf of Han Yoohyun, who had an air about him such that even Awakened people of lower rankings didn’t dare meet his eyes.

“He isn’t injured, so we can go like this. Please don’t bring in healers unnecessarily, just take us to a hospital room. You were told that potions can’t be used either, right?”

At Park Yerim’s words, the hospital staff stayed at a distance as they led them to a special private elevator. It was the ward where Han Yoojin had once been admitted in the past. Park Yerim made calls here and there as they headed to the hospital room. After informing Haeyeon of the situation, she briefly explained the situation to Yoo Myeongwoo and Noah.

“Should I tell Breaker too? -Sir?”

“Only let the guild leader know.”

“I should tell Chief Song-nim as well, right?”

Han Yoohyun nodded. In the meantime, the elevator stopped. Even before the doors opened, Han Yoohyun was scowling. Peace also growled quietly. Park Yerim got off the elevator first and beckoned, telling them to come quickly.

“I know you don’t like this, but it can’t be helped, you know. It’s not like ahjussi’s sick in a normal way.”

Park Yerim said quietly. There were no Hunter-dedicated hospitals other than Seseong’s. Other large hospitals had healers and systems for nullifying poisons, curses, and so on, but they weren’t specialized. Above all, there were many cases where there was a lack of understanding of special injuries caused by dungeons and skills. If nothing else, this place was the best choice for safety.

But after walking for a bit, Park Yerim’s brows also drew together slightly. She saw two people standing there, seemingly waiting, at the far end of the corridor. The hospital employees following jerked to a stop and stepped away. Bellaré flinched, its body wrapping tight around Park Yerim’s arm. Only Chirpie calmly flapped its wings as if saying hello.

“Han Yoojin-gun.”

A low voice rang through the corridor. Golden eyes were staring directly at Han Yoojin alone. If it had only been his gaze, it wouldn’t have been anything strange. But the pressure that filled the surroundings was openly picking a fight. Tension where it wouldn’t be strange if weapons were pulled out at any moment spread through the air.

Park Yerim stood in front of Han Yoojin as if to shield him and met Sung Hyunjae’s eyes. She didn’t yield an inch as their gazes faced off directly.

“Until ahjussi wakes up, he’s not accepting visits. Especially so if you’re empty-handed. You should at least bring soy milk or something like that.”

“I came out in such a hurry that my preparations are lacking.”

“If you know that, then please step aside.”

“I’m already out of your way.”

The corridor was wide enough for them to pass by as they wished. Sung Hyunjae kindly raised a hand and gestured to where the hospital room was located, telling them it was the room at the end. Han Yoohyun’s halted feet resumed walking. The sound of footsteps rang out in the corridor.

As Sung Hyunjae and Han Yoohyun-and Han Yoojin-got closer and closer, the air around them grew more and more taut. Amidst the atmosphere that seemed like it’d explode the second a single small ember was tossed out, Sung Hyunjae closed his eyes. The tension melted in an instant and Han Yoohyun passed by him. Park Yerim let out a small sigh and followed Han Yoohyun alongside Peace. Soon after, there came the sound of a door opening and closing.

“What’s the matter?”

Kang Soyoung, who’d been standing there quietly holding her breath, asked uncomprehendingly.

“We didn’t come here to get in a fight, and getting in one wouldn’t be a good thing. On our way here, you were complaining about Director Han-nim being in a bad state again, but your behavior was completely the opposite.”

Sung Hyunjae’s lips slowly widened in a smile. Kang Soyoung blinked, looking up at his face. The slowly-opening golden eyes were tinged with not only a mysterious light but an inhuman feel. Abruptly, she remembered meeting Sung Hyunjae for the first time. She’d thought that he wasn’t human. If the most powerful and beautiful dragon in the world was wrapped in a human skin, would it look like this?

Her instincts had sent out danger signals, but Kang Soyoung didn’t hesitate to throw herself into the danger. The cost of her choice was acceptable, and recently she’d been happy enough to think ‘my life is the best’, but she still couldn’t understand her boss. He was a fellow human in the first place, but the actual dragons around her felt closer to her.

“Would you believe it if I said I restrained myself as best as I could?”

“Pardon?”

“What did he do this time?”

Sung Hyunjae uncurled his clenched fist. Several drops of blood dripped down his fingers. Kang Soyoung stared at them with stunned eyes.

It was a complicated feeling. To the point where simply resisting the compulsion was difficult. Above all, to the current Sung Hyunjae, Han Yoojin was a dangerous existence. He threatened the uniqueness of the person called Sung Hyunjae and even stole part of him. And that part remained in Han Yoojin’s body.

It was part of himself. The instinct to take it back whispered for him to catch him and sink his teeth into him. Even so, it was bearable. That cutting sense itself was quite enjoyable. When would he be able to feel such a strange sensation again?

However, the Han Yoojin from just a moment ago was even more stimulating. To the point where his whole body had gone cold for a moment. The part of himself whose connection with Sung Hyunjae hadn’t completely been severed… had said that Han Yoojin encountered something tremendous.

What had happened now? It was hard to resist the desire to dig into his mind right that moment. If Han Yoojin had stood in front of him alone, he might not even have been able to endure. He didn’t want to lose him, but at the same time, he wanted to tear into him himself.

“He makes my heart pound like this every time, so how can I not like him?”

“You’re speaking of him in that way… First off, we’re here to meet someone ill.”

At the vanished sense of pressure, the hospital staff, furtively keeping an eye out, passed carefully in front of the two. The sight of them bowing their heads in greeting while sticking as close as possible to the opposite wall was very funny. Kang Soyoung gave them an apologetic smile.

“Director Han-nim drawing your attention is convenient for us, but even so, Guild Leader-nim, be a little careful. Please. He’s the rearing facility director and the Haeyeon Guild Leader’s hyung-nim. I cherish peace.”

“That’s true. I should’ve paid more attention to the young master.”

At the unusual admission of regret, Kang Soyoung wore a shocked look again, then straightened her face.

“You can’t now. If you touch the Haeyeon Guild Leader, Director Han-nim won’t stand by idly.”

“I don’t intend to give him my attention now. I meant 3 years ago.”

Han Yoohyun’s Awakening was a few months after the dungeons appeared, and at that time Sung Hyunjae was already expanding his influence overseas. He’d heard abroad that a new S-rank Awakened person had appeared in Korea. After that, on meeting Han Yoohyun at the first and last S-rank Awakened people gathering, he’d noticed his nature and passed him by.

It was because he wasn’t someone worth Sung Hyunjae giving his attention to. His character was even more independent than Riette, so there was no need to bother him.

“If I’d looked into him closely at the time, I could’ve learned about Han Yoojin-gun as well.”

But he hadn’t. The same went for when Han Yoohyun went against his nature and started setting up and building up a guild. He’d taken a brief look at him because he’d lasted for quite a while, but even then, his interest soon faded seeing his indifference towards others. He did have a bit of fun with Seok Simyeong.

He’d even decided on him as a candidate to leave Korea to, so why in the world hadn’t he investigated his family? He had such a thought, but in fact, even now, the relationship between Han Yoojin and Han Yoohyun was amazing beyond words. It was an exceptional case that it was natural not to have guessed the existence of, so it made sense that he’d missed it, but he still had lingering regrets.

What if he’d gotten to know Han Yoojin 3 years ago? It certainly would’ve been a very different relationship than the one they had now.

“If it had been when the brothers just split up, it would’ve been easy to probe into it.”

It would’ve been enjoyable in many ways. Kang Soyoung stared at her regretful boss with affronted eyes.

“Are you regretting not being able to bother Director Han-nim when he was already having a difficult time? Guild Leader-nim, you’re really…….”

“The kiseungsu rearing facility would’ve been affiliated with Seseong.”

“Why didn’t you do it?! What a loss. I would be able to come and go from work to the rearing facility!”

“Just yesterday, you said you had a date with Riette-yang and didn’t come to w…….”

“Which means I’m throwing my whole self into this. I’m faithfully taking on the number 1 duty of Seseong Guild as practiced by the guild leader, shirking work. And if Director Han-nim had been affiliated with Seseong, this could’ve been passed on as well!”

Kang Soyoung heaved a sigh filled with regret. Perhaps because Kang Soyoung had an affinity for the powerful species of dragons regardless of ranking, she was able to deal with Sung Hyunjae more or less composedly as well. As a result, she was used to dealing with her frequently-troublesome boss. Still, it wasn’t that she felt no pressure, so she was grateful for the existence of Han Yoojin. And Song Taewon as well.

Kang Soyoung glanced around their surroundings, then spoke in a low voice.

“That being said, will you really leave Director Han-nim behind and go overseas? I’ve heard it’s a mess everywhere.”

Korea had taken the least damage from the mass appearance of monsters. It had been at the level of a few low-ranking dungeons bursting, so they’d handled it quickly and soon been able to return to daily life. On top of that, the safety of dungeons had increased and detectors had been deployed, so their situation was even better than before the monster incident.

But other countries were different. Some places had yet to deal with all the monsters that had emerged. Russia and China in particular were struggling to deal with the large number of monsters with relatively high rankings, although not to the same degree as Japan.

For that reason, if nothing else, it was difficult for Sung Hyunjae to continue keeping to Korea. The overseas forces he’d worked to establish over the past three years might suffer damage at any moment.

Sung Hyunjae let out an exaggerated sigh.

“Should I kidnap him or something?”

“Don’t you feel sorry for Chief Song-nim?”

“It’s about time our Chief Song Taewon also went on a business trip abroad. He’s stayed in Korea for so long. Donating private jets to each government office should be alright.”

Kang Soyoung insincerely said she was sorry for Chief Song-nim. Still, if both of them left, everyone left behind would relax.

“Please let us know in advance to prepare. If you do it, the guild building might be burned down to nothing at any moment. There are so many high-rank Hunters that we aren’t even covered by fire insurance.”

“First, I’ll offer for him to accompany me again. What lipstick products are popular these days? It seems my partner has a new hobby.”

They were words that would make Han Yoojin feel wildly wronged if he heard them. Saying ‘he also had his nails done’, Kang Soyoung pulled out her phone.

When I opened my eyes, it was to an unfamiliar ceiling. Actually, it wasn’t that unfamiliar. It was a place to which I’d been admitted in the past.

“Hyung, are you okay?”

I heard Yoohyun-ie’s voice. As I blinked, I could see his face. I thought there was something weird attached to my brother’s hair when I woke up and blacked out again, before.

“Ahjussi, are you alright?”

I heard Yerim-ie’s voice too. Peace, Chirpie, and Bellaré were also here. I tried to get up, but my body had no energy.

“Lie down. He said you’d be sick for a day, didn’t he?”

“How long has it been?”

“One night. It’s morning.”

These guys hadn’t stayed up all night, right? …Their clothes were the same as yesterday.

“Yoohyun-ah, and you too, Yerim-ah, did you not sleep at all?”

“How could we fall asleep? And we can handle one night. Even Unawakened people stay up all night at my age.”

Being young was good. Though I was also still young. It was only one night, but I asked if anything had happened in the meantime. Apparently Myeongwoo and Noah had visited during the night. Neither of them stayed long because of the heavy attention focused on Seok Hayan’s lab.

While listening to Yoohyun-ie and Yerim-ie’s nagging, I opened my inventory.

[Black Dragon’s Heart Fragment ─ ?

Strongly charged with flame energy.]

It had a different description than before. Magic stones of fire-attribute monsters… there must be several at Haeyeon.

“Yoohyun-ah, get a magic stone ready for me. You have S-ranks, right? I wonder if there’s any SS-ranks.”

At my words, my brother’s mouth twisted. It was a tremendously disapproving expression. Yerim-ie, even not knowing the situation, followed suit, her brows drawing together.

“Ahjussi, what are you going to do now?”

“You know the new sword Yoohyun-ah got? I’m upgrading that.”

“What? You’re going to do it?”

“It’s a bit of an unusual sword. By the way, Yerim-ah, let’s go to a dungeon together later. There’s someone I want you to meet.”

“I heard there was another weird person sticking to you.”

Strange person? What the hell was the explanation this guy Yoohyun-ie had given? Anyway, he was going to be their teacher. Let’s get a fruit basket or something when we go. I should’ve asked him what he liked.

“Do it when you’re recovered. You can’t even stand.”

“I’m just a little low on energy, I’m fine.”

Saying that I’d rest so they should too, I closed my eyes. My body was flagging and I had a lot of work to do in the future, but my heart felt far lighter. It was only a lack of information and real power. I was confident that we’d survive by ourselves as long as the bastards outside didn’t interfere, but we had absolutely no way to stop that interference.

However, after Newcomer, the reliable transcendent called Young Chaos appeared. And he was the strongest to boot. It felt like I’d come across a ship while drifting across the open sea.

I couldn’t fully depend on him yet, but even so. At the least, at the very end, wouldn’t I be able to leave the kids to him? With a soft exhale, I fell back asleep.

Mái nhà của bệnh viện đã được chuẩn bị sẵn sàng để tiếp nhận bệnh nhân. Tuy nhiên, Han Yoohyun không hề có ý định giao anh trai mình cho người khác chăm sóc. Park Yerim bước lên phía trước thay cho Han Yoohyun - người toát ra một khí thế khiến ngay cả những Thức Tỉnh cấp thấp hơn cũng không dám nhìn thẳng vào mắt anh.

“Anh ấy không bị thương, nên chúng tôi có thể đi như thế này. Xin đừng gọi các pháp sư trị liệu đến không cần thiết, chỉ cần đưa chúng tôi tới phòng bệnh. Mọi người cũng đã được thông báo là không được dùng dược phẩm, đúng chứ?”

Trước lời nói của Park Yerim, các nhân viên bệnh viện giữ khoảng cách, dẫn họ tới thang máy riêng biệt dành cho bệnh nhân đặc biệt. Đó chính là khu phòng nơi Han Yoojin từng nằm điều trị trước đây. Trên đường đi, Park Yerim vừa gọi điện cho nhiều người: báo cho Haeyeon biết tình hình, rồi tóm tắt lại cho Yoo Myeongwoo và Noah.
